README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <a href="http://guides.rubyonrails.org/"><img src="http://www.tia-a3.com/upload/container/102/slideimg_idea_d.jpg" alt="Travel Destination API" width="300"></a>
  <br>
  :wrench: Post Epicodus Plan :beginner:
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">A plan of short and long term goals after graduating  <a href="https://www.epicodus.com/" target="_blank">Epicodus</a>.</h4>

<div align="center">

  [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Resumes%20Sent-1-yellow.svg)](https://https://github.com/DanDanilyuk)
  [![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  [![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/Currently%20Working%20On-Internship-blue.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
</div>
<br>
<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="https://thumbs.gfycat.com/AdoredSpitefulHippopotamus-max-14mb.gif">
</div>

## High Priority Items :arrow_up:

* Rank Internship Companies - Complete
* Clean up some repos on github and build greate README's
* Redo capstone proposal
* Clean up resume and get some feedback from Mentorship Saturday meetup
* Write some references on LinkedIn for fellow classmates.

## Articles Read :arrow_down:

Five keys I learned from post BootCamp Job search [Blog Post Here](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/5-key-learnings-from-the-post-bootcamp-job-search-9a07468d2331)

Job Hunting 101 for Coding Bootcamp Graduates [Blog Post Here](https://www.getboost.io/posts/job-hunting-101-for-coding-bootcamp-graduates)

11 Careers You Can Land After Attending A Coding Bootcamp [Blog Post Here](https://www.forbes.com/sites/laurencebradford/2016/10/28/11-careers-you-can-land-after-attending-a-coding-bootcamp/#c3df7564a383)

Very Interesting Post Board [Blog Post Here](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13006555)

Five keys I learned from post BootCamp Job search [Blog Post Here](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/5-key-learnings-from-the-post-bootcamp-job-search-9a07468d2331)

7 Tips to Landing a Junior Dev Job After Bootcamp [Blog Post Here](https://www.reax.io/blog/2016/08/30/7-tips-to-landing-a-junior-dev-job-after-bootcamp/)

LIFE AFTER CODING BOOTCAMP: LANDING THAT FIRST JOB [Blog Post Here](https://nextdoordev.com/2017/09/19/life-after-coding-bootcamp-landing-that-first-job/)

## Books to Read :beginner:

This software uses code from several open source packages.

- [The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master](https://www.amazon.com/dp/020161622X/?tag=codihorr-20)
- [The Well Grounded Rubyist](https://www.amazon.com/Well-Grounded-Rubyist-David-Black/dp/1617291692/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1513366292&sr=1-1&keywords=the+well+grounded+rubyist)
- [JavaScript: The Good Parts](https://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-Good-Parts-Douglas-Crockford/dp/0596517742/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1513366405&sr=8-1&keywords=JavaScript-Good-Parts-Douglas-Crockford)
- [The Lean Startup](https://www.amazon.com/Lean-Startup-Entrepreneurs-Continuous-Innovation/dp/0307887898/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1513366438&sr=1-1&keywords=the+lean+startup)


## Short Term Goals :key:
  * Short term Goal Here
  * Long Term Goal Here [Goal](https://Goal.com).

## Long Term Goals :wrench:
  * Do atleast 3 [Codewars](http://www.codewars.com/dashboard) Challenges per day.

---

## License

[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

read an article about tracking applications and build a tracking spreadsheet

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <a href="http://guides.rubyonrails.org/"><img src="http://www.tia-a3.com/upload/container/102/slideimg_idea_d.jpg" alt="Travel Destination API" width="300"></a>
  <br>
  :wrench: Post Epicodus Plan :beginner:
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">A plan of short and long term goals after graduating  <a href="https://www.epicodus.com/" target="_blank">Epicodus</a>.</h4>

<div align="center">

  [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Resumes%20Sent-1-yellow.svg)](https://https://github.com/DanDanilyuk)
  [![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  [![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/Currently%20Working%20On-Internship-blue.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
</div>
<br>
<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="https://thumbs.gfycat.com/AdoredSpitefulHippopotamus-max-14mb.gif">
</div>

## High Priority Items :arrow_up:

* Rank Internship Companies - Complete
* Clean up some repos on github and build greate README's
* Redo capstone proposal
* Clean up resume and get some feedback from Mentorship Saturday meetup
* Write some references on LinkedIn for fellow classmates.

## Articles Read :arrow_down:

Five keys I learned from post BootCamp Job search [Blog Post Here](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/5-key-learnings-from-the-post-bootcamp-job-search-9a07468d2331)

Job Hunting 101 for Coding Bootcamp Graduates [Blog Post Here](https://www.getboost.io/posts/job-hunting-101-for-coding-bootcamp-graduates)

11 Careers You Can Land After Attending A Coding Bootcamp [Blog Post Here](https://www.forbes.com/sites/laurencebradford/2016/10/28/11-careers-you-can-land-after-attending-a-coding-bootcamp/#c3df7564a383)

Very Interesting Post Board [Blog Post Here](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13006555)

7 Tips to Landing a Junior Dev Job After Bootcamp [Blog Post Here](https://www.reax.io/blog/2016/08/30/7-tips-to-landing-a-junior-dev-job-after-bootcamp/)

LIFE AFTER CODING BOOTCAMP: LANDING THAT FIRST JOB [Blog Post Here](https://nextdoordev.com/2017/09/19/life-after-coding-bootcamp-landing-that-first-job/)

How to Land Your Dream Job with One Spreadsheet [Blog Post Here](https://zapier.com/blog/supercharge-your-job-hunt/)

## Books to Read :beginner:

This software uses code from several open source packages.

- [The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master](https://www.amazon.com/dp/020161622X/?tag=codihorr-20)
- [The Well Grounded Rubyist](https://www.amazon.com/Well-Grounded-Rubyist-David-Black/dp/1617291692/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1513366292&sr=1-1&keywords=the+well+grounded+rubyist)
- [JavaScript: The Good Parts](https://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-Good-Parts-Douglas-Crockford/dp/0596517742/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1513366405&sr=8-1&keywords=JavaScript-Good-Parts-Douglas-Crockford)
- [The Lean Startup](https://www.amazon.com/Lean-Startup-Entrepreneurs-Continuous-Innovation/dp/0307887898/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1513366438&sr=1-1&keywords=the+lean+startup)


## Short Term Goals :key:
  * Short term Goal Here
  * Long Term Goal Here [Goal](https://Goal.com).

## Long Term Goals :wrench:
  * Do atleast 3 [Codewars](http://www.codewars.com/dashboard) Challenges per day.

---

## License

[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
